Hello and welcome back to the final section of this part to minimizing the costs indeed you've just
seen the intuitional lectures and the theory with Curiel and now we're about to implement this huge
environment artificial brain deep learning algorithm.
And of course the training and testing all that together from scratch and Step-By-Step.
And so since we have a lot to do well let's get straight into it.
I've already prepared everything.
I am here on spider in my desktop folder where we have the artificial intelligence for business for
there.
And now we are in part two with a case study minimizing the energy consumption in the server with deep
learning.
Let's open this.
And as you can see I've already prepared the five python files that we're going to implement together.
However they're empty they only contain the titles and that is just to prepare everything.
All right so now what I'm first going to do is open all of them just to show you what we're going to
implement basically in these files.
So the first well we're going to implement is the environment.
Then the second vowel will implement is going to be the brain the artificial brain then the deep new
learning algorithm.
Indeed you wonder why then the training of the artificial intelligence and then the testing on one year
of simulation.
Now I'm going to close this test that I fell and let me explain quickly what each of these values will
be.
So first what's important for you to understand is that this is a framework which means that what we're
going to implement here to try to minimize energy consumption in the server world thanks to this framework
India you'll be able to adapt it easily to your business problem and from time to time while implementing
the whole solution will take a step back and I will explain how you can adapt things and where we are
with respect to the general framework.
So this first well environment the why is the first file of the framework.
And this is the file where we will build the whole environment you know with all the parameters with
all the variables.
And mostly this is a file that will also contain one of the most important functions of this implementation
which is the update environment method.
It is going to be a function that will update the environment as soon as an action is played.
You know as soon as the AI plays an action all right and then we have the brain.
And this is in this file that will implement the artificial brain that is this fully connected neural
network of two layers.
The first layer containing 64 neurons and the second there containing thirty two neurons.
That's a deep neural network which will implement very easily thanks to Cara's than in this file.
Did you end that.
Why.
That's where we will implement the whole deep Kule learning process.
This whole process is provided in the book.
You can try to implement it yourself and follow the steps than this.
Well of course very fundamental that's where we will implement the whole training of our artificial
intelligence which is basically composed of the brain and the killer in process and we will train this
artificial intelligence inside the environment then we'll execute the training here.
We'll be around 100 lines of code and once the training is executed and finished well we will have a
trained brain and then we will be able to start the simulation phase which will also have to implement.
And the simulation phase will simulate the actions of our AI on the server over a one year simulation.
And at the same time we will compare what the other system would do.
You know the servers integrate cooling system.
When this AI is not activated that is when there is no AI.
And that's how we will you know in the end.
Compare the final performance of these two systems by computing the total energy saved by the eye with
respect to the service integrated cooling system that is with respect to the situation where we don't
have an AI.
All right so these are the five vowels we have to implement.
And we're going to start with the environment and what we're going to do already in this Etoile just
to finish the soil because it's going to be very quick to import the libraries and actually the good
news is that for this environment we will only need one library which is the number by library and we
will still keep the same shortcuts.
So as a reminder number is a library with which we can play easily with arrays and also with some useful
mathematical tools here for the environment who will actually use them by for both.
That is at some point you'll see will have to make vector.
And you can guess what it is it's going to be the input state vector.
Remember the states are going to be some input vectors of three elements temperature the number of users
and the data rate transmission at a specific time.
So we will use them to make the input state vector.
And also we'll use them by to use some random functions because we will need them at some point.
All right.
So now in the next couple of tutorials we're going to implement this environment.
And in the next tutorial we're going to build that huge and environment class which basically will contain
the whole environment and how it works and is updated when we play an action.
So I'll see in the next tutorial and until then enjoy.